chore(docs) Adding `CREATE TABLE LIKE` (#1155)
questdb/questdb.io: docs/reference/sql/create-table.md

See [Index](/docs/concept/indexes#how-indexes-work) for more information about
index capacity.

## CREATE TABLE LIKE

> The `LIKE` keyword clones the table schema of an existing table. Setting such as designated timestamp, commit lag, and index capacity will be cloned, too. 

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
The `LIKE` keyword clones the table schema of an existing table. Table settings and parameters such as designated timestamp, symbol column indexes, commit lag, and index capacity will be cloned, too. 
```

```questdb-sql title="Create table like"
CREATE TABLE new_table (LIKE my_table);
```

## CREATE TABLE AS

When SQL (`selectSQL`) is `SELECT * FROM tab` or any arbitrary SQL result, the selected column names and their data type will be cloned to the new table.

```questdb-sql title="Create table as select"
CREATE TABLE new_table AS(
  SELECT
    rnd_int() a,
    rnd_double() b,
    rnd_symbol('ABB', 'CDD') c
  FROM
    long_sequence(100)
  WHERE false
);
```

:::note

> Notice the `WHERE false` condition.

Reviewer: Do we really need the above weird example considering that we have CREATE TABLE LIKE now?

guide for [out-of-order commits](/docs/guides/out-of-order-commit-lag) and
[ILP commit strategy](/docs/reference/api/ilp/tcp-receiver#commit-strategy).

## CREATE TABLE LIKE

> The `LIKE` keyword clones the table schema of an existing table. Table settings

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
The `LIKE` keyword clones the table schema of an existing table without copying the data. Table settings
```

  SELECT * FROM taxi_trips_unordered ORDER BY pickup_time
) TIMESTAMP(pickup_time)
PARTITION BY MONTH;
```

> ### CREATE TABLE WITH parameters

Reviewer: This section is still relevant, so we should keep it. The only improvement here should be to clearly state that `CREATE TABLE ... (LIKE ...)` doesn't support WITH or any other additional clause.

Author: I deleted it because I think it is a repetition of L226 ## WITH table parameters (just before examples) and I think it was not adding a lot of new information. Do you think I should revert it?

Reviewer: I see. No need to revert then.
